Hello there!


First of all, a real and sincere thank you for your download; these 
are the first actual products i'm putting online and so it 
warms my heart that someone got interested. If you enjoyed your
card, or not, i suggest to leave some feedback, just so i know
where to improve and update the card, or even just to know you're
happy with it!

If you want to print this card, i suggest you to use some kind of thick
paper or cardboard; this card was made with the idea that one would've 
wanted to replicate the feeling of an actual legit playing card. It's
also way nicer to write on it. 

If you instead want to compile it digitally, first o all sorry for not 
giving you a pdf filallable version, but i'm stil very much struggling
to make it work; that said, if you can open the psd file, every text box
is in its plase and ready to be written on. For font i suggest using the font
"CF back to school". the free version of it is without articles, but if
you can go past that, mixing it with other fonts, it's actually the font
that in my opninon better matched the style of the card. 

when compiling on the psd file on the two big text box for the inventory 
and description, you'll probably have to adjust the vertical line spacing
a little bit; it should be precise with the drawn line, but it may vary
with the font, or mix of them, you use. 

That said, i understand that the first look at my character sheet card
can be confusing at first; i tried to insert the most i could of an 
actual sheet while trying to make it feel still organized and pleasing
to read, but there were really a lot of values and informations to put
in a single card, and part of them ended up quite crammed together.
I'm sure that most of the issues will be resolved once you get used
to where everything is, but, to ease the first look, i'll attach 
some pictures to act as a "tutorial" of sort. 
What you'll find written there is what i intended for every slot, but
you are obviuosly free to interpret them as you wish, if you 
think some of them are better used for something else. 


Let me know if they were actually useful , thanks again!